## Lydia Ntafa

My journey began with my passion for software development which I followed by successfully completing my BSc in Computer Science. Through this, I have had wide experience across multiple industries such as data analytics, education, and game development. I am driven by curiosity and seeking ways to make improvements where feasible. I live and work in London since 2017. During this time, I’ve climbed through the ranks, starting in Customer Service and ultimately reaching the position of eCommerce Manager. It was during my last role, where I was heavily involved in optimising the company’s consumer-facing websites that my passion for building effective and accessible software got reignited and drove me towards another life-changing decision. I wanted to refresh my coding skills and gain professional insight into the latest technologies and procedures of the modern tech industry. This is why I completed an intensive coding boot camp where I learned to apply test-driven development and agile methodologies while designing and building projects as part of a team. I am passionate about working within an inspiring organisation where I can utilise my problem-solving skills to make a visible change for others. I seek to further upgrade my software development skills, tackle complex coding challenges and embark on a journey of continuous learning in this ever-evolving field.

## Projects

| Name                         | Description       | Tech/Tools        |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| **BeatBooker** | Work In progress. Our team wants to deploy a web app where DJs can create their online profiles, and share examples of their work and their availability. Those profiles will be available for promoters to browse and express their interest in booking those DJs for their events. Our goal is to provide a safe promotional tool that is currently lacking in the UK industry | React, Typescript, Python, DJango, Docker |
| **Infinity Trails** | Designed, implemented and deployed an online, interactive choose-your-own-adventure game where the story and player options are generated by AI. | React, Express.js, openAI api, MaterialUI, Vercel, jest, Cypress |
| **Acheron Prime** | Designed and implemented battle maps and encounters, for the sidequests of a space shooter RPG. Sound edited the voice acting clips to balance volume and frequencies. Alpha tested the final product. | Unity Engine, C#, Adobe Audition, iOS |

## Software Development Experience

**Makers Academy** (05.2023 - 09.2023)  
_Software Engineering Student_
- Adopted a growth mindset to become an efficient self-learner and language-agnostic developer. Within a week I was able to switch from Python to Javascript, learned the language’s syntax, how to set up a project for testing and how it is to program and asynchronous methods.
- Learned the importance of using OOD and TDD to write good quality code that is reliable and can be easily understood, maintained and upgraded.
- Applied agile principles while working on group projects and focusing on efficient project design, short sprints, daily stand-ups, group reviews of Pull Requests and pair programming.
- Gained experience and a varied problem-solving skill set to debug mine or someone else’s code, like identifying the different types of errors, and gaining visibility of values with print statements or an interactive debugger.
- Used code and software to perform CRUD operations on databases, such as Postgres, mongoose and TablePlus. <br>
***Tech***  *: JavaScript · Python · MERN Stack · Postgres · Git · PostMan · pytest · jest · Cypress · HTML · CSS* <br>
***Skills***  *: Agile Development · Skill Development · Quick learning · Test-Driven Development · Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) · Agile Project Management · Web Application Development*
  
**InsurgentX Entertainment Ltd** (01.2012 - 10.2012)  
_Graduate Developer_
- Involved in level design and development of battle maps and encounters, for the sidequests of the space shooter RPG “Acheron Prime” which was released for iOS smartphones.
- Edited all the in-house recorded voice clips, to balance the volume and frequencies and match them with the clips provided by 3rd parties.
- Alpha tested the released game and identified bugs or design issues that were fixed on the first patch. <br>
***Tech***  *: Unity3D · C# · Adobe Audition · iOS* <br>
***Skills***  *: Skill Development · Game Design · Quick learning · Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) · Creativity*

## Work Experience

**Click Europe Ltd** (06.2018 - 03.2023)  
_Customer Service and eCommerce Manager_ (04.2021 - 03.2023)
- Managed several seller accounts for marketplaces in the UK and EU such as Amazon, eBay, OnBuy, FNAC, Kaufland, and CDiscount.
- Initiated targeted marketing campaigns to optimise budget distribution according to seasonal trends and inventory metrics. To achieve this I generated sales and inventory reports and presented them in weekly meetings with the CEO to identify current or potential issues and strengths.
- Identified keywords and analysed competitors to design SEO strategies that delivered organic sales and gained brand awareness.
- Partnered with the web development team to deploy a smooth platform migration for the company’s B2C website. Due to thorough planning, data pruning and effective communication we were able to accomplish zero downtime, zero valuable data loss and zero security breaches, enhancing the overall customer experience.
- Maintained a “Feefo Trusted Service Award for outstanding service” for 4 years for www.bopster.eu. <br>
***Tech***  *: Microsoft 365 · Linnworks · WordPress · eDesk · Magento 2 · Helium10 · Google Analytics · Tableau · Amazon Seller Central* <br>
***Skills***  *: Skill Development · Business Management · Digital Marketing · Quick learning · Communication · Problem Solving · Research · Analytical Skills · Sales · Data Entry*

_Customer Service Manager_ (09.2020 - 04.2021)
- Trained and supported the new and existing customer service admins, while making sure all the training materials were available on demand and up to date. Due to the complicated nature of international trade, I introduced an online guide for the admins, which they could always refer to, to accurately advise their customers and manage their expectations.
- Worked closely with demand planning and warehousing teams in order to ensure smooth order fulfilment.
- Monitored products and service metrics and flagged potential issues. <br>
***Tech***  *: Microsoft 365 · Linnworks · WordPress · eDesk · Magento 2 · Google Analytics · Tableau · Amazon Seller Central* <br>
***Skills***  *: Customer Service · Communication · Problem Solving · Written Communication · Analytical Skills · Data Entry*

_Customer Service Admin_ (06.2018 - 08.2020)
- Handled customer contacts across multiple channels including phone, email and social media channels meeting the company's SLAs.
- Handled all returned products to make sure all refunds were processed timely and according to the company's policies. Making sure that the products passed the quality checks before being added back to the inventory, or identifying parts of the products that can be used for parts, as part of the company's reuse and upcycle values. <br>
***Tech***  *: Microsoft 365 · Linnworks · eDesk · Magento 2* <br>
***Skills***  *: Customer Service · Analytical skills · Communication · Sales · Problem Solving · Data Entry*
  
**PK Pharmacies** (01.2017 - 06.2017)  
_Supply Chain and Office Manager_

- Assisted with the management of databases, filing, and storage of all 7 pharmacies.
- Ensured that all products were invoiced and that all employers, partners, and bills were paid on time.
- Worked with the CEO to select products that were in demand and make sure all 7 pharmacies were well-equipped for the high season.
- Negotiated and managed contracts with pharmaceutical and para-pharmaceutical companies, suppliers, and distributors.
- Addressed employees’ queries regarding hardware, software, and office management issues. <br>
***Skills***  *: Business Management · Quick learning · Communication · Problem Solving · Research · Analytical Skills · Sales · Data Entry*

**Self-Employed** (start-date to end-date)  
_Private Tutor for High School Students_

- Provided supplementary private tuition, preparing students for university admission national exams in basic programming and network fundamentals. The equivalent in the UK would be to prepare year 10-11 students for their technology GCSE examinations.
- Achieved a 100% success rate of all of my student’s goals, one of which was to be accepted into an undergraduate course in Automation Engineering at the Technological Sector of the Higher Educational Institution of Piraeus. <br>
***Tech***  *: Pascal · Microsoft Word · Human Resource Machine Game* <br>
***Skills***  *: Basic HTTP Principles · Communication · Resourcefulness · Empathy · Active Listening · Goal Setting*

For a complete list of my work experience please visit my [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lydia-ntafa-9154095b/).

## Skills

#### Communication
I honed my communication skills while completing my thesis at university, which involved writing and presenting a dissertation to a board of 3 professors. At the beginning of the presentation, I realised that 2 of the professors were not familiar with the basic concept of an automaton, so I had to quickly improvise and ensure everyone was on the same level of understanding before I could continue with the more complex models presented. In the end I received a perfect score from all professors. I further developed these skills when working in data analytics, as I had to conduct surveys in randomised samples to collect personal data. I practised my speech and tone of voice to communicate the purpose of the survey, how long it would take and how their information would be used and stored in less than a minute before the person terminated the call or closes their door. My strong communication skills also came in handy when tutoring year 10-11 students with learning difficulties to help them understand the basic concepts of programming and internet protocols. While training to become a software developer, I got excellent feedback from my coaches regarding my communication skills, especially when I was practising with tech tests on a live session I was told that I am communicative and transparent in my approach to the problem and I am using clear, descriptive and readable names for variables and functions.

#### Problem Solving and Decision Making
With many years of experience in customer service roles, I have developed a deep understanding of user needs and a commitment to delivering resolutions. As a customer service admin, I made sure that all customer enquiries were addressed with empathy, providing solutions tailored to each customer's needs instead of blanket responses that would still close the ticket and prevent a claim from being raised. As a customer service manager in Click Europe, I took the initiative to present suggested improvements in the production and logistics cycles alongside an analysis of a monthly report of product defects and common customer complaints. For example, changes made in product packaging and the user manual resulted in a significant 10% overall drop in the product return and defect rate on Amazon, so Bopster earned the benefits of advertising multiple products with a Prime badge. As a software developer, I am learning to apply my problem-solving skills not only to effectively interpret error messages, and identify, and fix bugs but also to write tests. These tests ensure that the implemented features will meet the user's needs.

#### Another skill


## Education

#### University of Macedonia - Greece 

Bachelor of Science in Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services
- Field of Study: Development of systems for managerial and economic applications.
- Grade: 2:1
- Dissertation: Introducing Buchi Automata and using them in solving AI planning problems applying LTL (Linear Temporal Logic).


## Hobbies

Studying and practising Historical European Martial Arts with the London Longsword Academy since April 2018. I was honoured with the rank of Scholar within the Academy in October 2021. I am currently training to become an instructor at the Academy, specialising in the 16th-century Bolognese school of swordsmanship
